

# About André-Jacques Garnerin + Skydiving
https://cloud.onlinegames.io/games/2025/unity2/escape-car/index-og.html


                                                            Skydiving and André-Jacques Garnerin
One of the most interesting and exciting sports is skydiving. Many people skydive every day for fun or for competitions. Although skydiving sounds extremely dangerous, it actually isn’t as dangerous as many think, in fact it is super fun. This sport requires a lot of patience, persistence and bravery to do, because most people have the fear of jumping down from high elevations (this is called acrophobia). Some skydivers skydive for competitions, doing different movements while in the air while others do it for recreation. Skydiving is a cool sport but there are 4 important steps to learn before skydiving. 
Skydiving sounds like a cool sport, but what is it really? Skydiving is really “diving in the sky”. According to Longislandskydiving.com, “skydiving is the sport of jumping from an aircraft and sometimes performing acrobatic movements in the air during freefall before landing by parachute”(Long Island Skydiving Center). The whole part of skydiving is to make one feel like they are “doing the impossible”. Skydiving can sound dangerous, but it really isn’t. All someone needs to survive is a parachute and a communication device just in case one gets lost. This sport can cost around 200$ and 300$. It usually depends on the altitude someone is going to. The hardest part of skydiving is when you're about to jump, because it will make your brain feel dizzy.

When did skydiving begin? Many people don’t know about this interesting story. André-Jacques Garnerin was born in Paris, and was captured by British troops in the French Revolutionary wars. According to skydivenewengland.com, in 1799, André-Jacques Garnerin thought of a brilliant idea of jumping off from a high elevation, so he made a silk parachute and made the world’s first skydive. While his parachute was a little too simple, it still worked. André-Jacques Garnerin flew over Paris from only 2,000 feet, which is pretty incredible. “1911/1912: Albert Berry or Grant Morton is the first person to jump from a powered and forward-moving aircraft — the first modern-day skydiver!”(White). 


Skydiving isn’t very complicated, even anybody can try it! There are 4 main parts of starting and ending skydiving. According to skydiveperris.com, the first part is to get ready and sign a lot of paperwork for terms and conditions and  rules for skydiving. Afterwards, a skydiving instructor will review some training and help gear up. This first step can take up to one hour to complete. The second part of skydiving is flying. After step 1,onewill board the plane and once someone reaches 1,500 feet, the instructor will let you unbuckle your seatbelt for the rest of the flight. This can take about 10 to 20 minutes. Step 3 is the final preparation, where your instructor will go through the instructions one more time at about 12,500 feet. Lastly, the final part is just jumping in a freefall position. It can feel very weird at first, but it will get exciting. The parachute will open and the person who is skydiving will land safely on the ground and it will feel very nice after that.  All of that combined can take up to two and a half hours to execute! 

In conclusion, skydiving is an amazing sport that anybody can do. It was invented by a Frenchman named André-Jacques Garnerin, who attempted the first successful skydive in the world. He flew over France only from 2000 feet. Skydiving consists of 4 steps: preparation, boarding, final preparation and diving. It takes at most 2 and a half hours to execute. Skydiving can feel both exciting and nervous at the same time because once one is about to jump, they will be nervous, but once they are in the air, they will feel excited. Skydiving is a very fun sport and sometimes it is competitive, but most of all, anybody can skydive.

# UPDATE 2025-011-08
This is a website made by James Wong. Copyright reserved. -DON'T BLAME ME IF YOU GET CAUGHT-
